Miss
I beg you, just consider me, okay?
Hello where are you
I'll pick you up.
Can I help you?
Your mom went to my mom
Diligence is not in the temple
We need the past
I'll take a taxi myself, then.
You don't have to come pick me up
Mom, why are you here?
Why can't I come to the rich house?
I'm sorry, our mother and daughter can do it.
My son has already shared 10% of my daughter's shares
What else are you not satisfied with?
It's so insignificant
Yes
Your son compensated my daughter.
But the damned husband and wife Han
I am also a victim.
Why do you put this matter
Comfort to my daughter's happiness
You know it all
Silly boy
Just to get justice for you
He was well-fed in a rich family
Glory and wealth are not satisfied
Why would he do that to you?
Ah!
Ha ha.
Mom